A guy like you
Came up with this plan
Now Qín Shì has teamed up with Dōng Hǎi
And other families
To openly attack Fù Shì
In just three days
Its market value dropped by a hundred billion
Now the shareholders
Are rushing to sell their stocks
Fù Shì
Is about to collapse
I don’t even know
What kind of woman Qín Ruò Yǔ is
What spell she cast
To make Young Master Qín
Unable to stay away from her
Like he’s hypnotized all day
Jiā Háo
Look, I’ve done so much for you
If not for merit, at least for effort
Stop being mad, okay?
Okay?
Fine
You cute little thing, stop acting all pitiful
Let me tell you
Since I met you
I haven’t had a single good thing happen
How was I so blind back then
To ditch Qín Ruò Yǔ
And choose you?
Jiā Háo
But I truly love you
Stop pretending
Let me tell you
If Fù Shì doesn’t make it this time
You can go sell
Until Fù Shì is completely gone
Then stop
That’s it
What a jerk
If it weren’t for the boring Jiāng family
Would I have followed you?
Fù Jiā Háo
You dare treat me like this
I’ll make sure you face the consequences